did you see that hey thank y'all lotta
power man I got this super ITV roll cage
with my extreme finger protector package
comes with this nice here front bumper
and these fender protector so when I hit
trees when I'm doing that crazy stuff
it'll protect my plastic it comes with
this nice fancy rear bumper - I got
these separate TV wheels and tires I had
a powder coated red and black to match
my beautiful black ride man
you got this cooler rack here in the
back hey Super eight TVs got a lot of
cool products man these fancy red
seatbelts kind of match my pet match my
padded coated wheels down there got this
nice carbon-fiber steering wheel I'm a
matching ship now man and put that thing
it's got parking verse neutral low and
high range man this thing's fast I'll
tell you I got this long travel package
I got comes with complete Rhino brain
axles man we've got these heavy-duty
Springs I put on there man I got this
thing doing real good things behind it
is real good out there in them trails I
like it a lot got this hood scoop man
you love air flow up in there I love it
rokay though man I ain't got to test her
out yet but man I think it's gonna do
real good we're groovin when I roll it
over you see how I driver don't crazy
sometimes so my hunch it's fun
passengers got a grab bar over here
you know don't put something in there
like some uh you know Vienna sausages or
something they'll snack crackers
I don't care eating the food or they
want their - gloves or safety glasses
that's just because these are some fo
machines man it's a blast and a Super
eight TV all the way well I will show
you guys that ride this thing yeah man I
just had so much fun I can't hardly keep
out of the seat man first thing you want
to do is put your seat belt on man this
is this is important man got this nice
roll cage but you wanna be sure if you
do in a case of rollover you don't roll
out of the machine say you want to
good seat belt fastened tighten your
belt laughs here tighten them down there
get your helmet on mango make sure you I
keep mine on at all times I'm just ready
to ride all the time man I gotta sleep
with this thing I eat briefs leave this
race me I got one man so much
get on hit on down super ATV calm
I'm ready round I'm gonna ride let's
ride man
you see that hangout we just ate